                         LEGION/INSTRUCTIONS
                         
                         
                         WELCOME  DAREDEVIL !


     Before you start your adventure, let me introduce you at short the world
you'll live in. You have to know that the action of this game is taking place
in rather  undefined, distant past. It is not although  the story  of a known
world, because  except  people, absolutely  fantastic creature  live here and
magic is an everyday thing. In one word, you've found yourself in the fantasy
land. There is an  enormous area  to  know,  which consists  of vast forests,
mountain  chains, deserts  and steppes full  of wild animals. There  are also
several inhabited settlements.
     
     THE AIM OF THE GAME
     
     You start with a group of  five  daredevils. The game does not impose on
you any  specific way of  procedure. You may  concetrate  on the adventurous
part of the game which  means to  wander about  the land, to visit the towns,
talk and trade with the inhabitants, hunt and oppose to dangers. When you know
this  world  you  can attempt  to conquer a weak  settlement  which  you would
develop and make stronger. You would  form and arm  new legions  there, which
will conquer new settlements for you. You will  create a  realm.  Three other
rulers except you will be realizing the same  aim. You will meet their armies
on your way.  Final  war  with  them  will  be unavoidable.  Soon one and the
biggest threat  will appear,  not  only for you  but  for  the whole land. To
defeat it will be the final challenge. You can be sure that every  contest is
unrepeatable and on the basis of the events  you  will take part in one could
write quite a good story.

--------HOW TO USE THE GAME-------------------------------
     
     First all the used abbreviations will be explained:
LMB - left mouse button
RMB - right mouse button
If you haven't installed the game on a hard disc you should prepare  yourself
a disc on which you will note your progress. It  should be  rather empty disc 
(about 400 kb) called "Archiwum".
After  seeing  an  introduction you will  see a page on  the screen  with the
following options:

NEW GAME - after choosing it  the computer will ask you  for giving your name
 and the names of your three opponents. And next a new  world will be created
 in which you will start your adventure.

CONTINUATION - choose  this option if you're been  playing before
 and you want to continue the game. The list of saved games will 
 be shown. You can choose one of them or quit by pressing EXIT.

THE END - it's just the end of the game and going back to the system.

     If you have chosen a new game you  will see  a map  of a wonderful land.
You will notice there little houses and tower which stand for settlements and
towns. Light brown areas  stand for  deserts, grey for mountains. Meadows and
steppes are in lightest  spots on the map stand for glaciers, the darkest for
swamps.
Now press RMB and move  with mouse to the sides.  As you can see there is not
enough room for the whole map on the screen. In the lower right corner of the
screen there is a little window with two  buttons (Start,Mode) . You can move
it press on RMB and move it to any place on the screen.

START - pressing this button you cause passing of one  day  during  which the
  troops placed on the map would obey their order, perhaps some battles would
  take place; same money from taxes would came into your cash.

MODE - a window with the following options will appear:

Load Game - computer  will  read the  content of  archives  and it  will show 
  the list of saved games. You can choose one or quit by pressing EXIT.
Save Game -  you  choose  a  slot  from  the  list  where  you  want to  save
  the present state of the game and you  enter the name of  the  saving  from
  the keyboard ( finish with the key Enter or RMB).
Statistics - window with general information
Preferences - window with positions of the  programm. You can turn  music on
  or off, random names of warriors, killed in battles, scrolling of 
  the map.
End Game - coming back to the title page.
Exit - closing the window.

-----COMMAND OF THE ARMY--------------------------------------------
     
     Find a  little  red  flag  on  the  map.  It  symbolizes  your  squad of
daredevils. Press the flag  with LMB  and then a window  with  the  following
information will appear:

NAME OF THE SQUAD - if you press this place with LMB you can change the  name
  by writing a new one and pressing RETURN or RMB.

THE AMOUNT OF WARRIORS - maximum number - 10

POWER - general squad power which consists of powers of every warrior.

FOOD - food supply for definite number of days. It depends  on the  number of
  warriors. When food supply equals zero the unit will be disbanded.

SPEED - distance a squad can make during one day, it depends on the  speed of
  a particular warrior.

INFORMATION ABOUT PRESENT ACTIVITIES OF THE UNIT.

AT the bottom of the window there are two buttons:

OK - you press it to close the window.

ORDERS - window with getatable number of orders will appear:

MOVE - you  chose a  place on  the  map  where  the  squad is to go and press
  LMB. You will be informed how many days  the  trip  will  last. It  will be
  approximately considering different obstacles.

FAST MOVE - the same as  above,  only  the  squad  will  move  quicker  using
  three times as much food.

ATTACK - you point the flag of an enemy army on the map or a town you want to
  attack and press LMB. When the squad achieves the place the battle will be
  given later. If you win a town in a battle it will become under your reign.

HUNT - the  squad s tarts  tracking  animals  in  order to get food and fell.
  You have to know that the biggest chances of hunting you  have  in forests, 
  the reast- on a desert.

RECRUIT -  this  option  appears  in  change  with  hunting.  When  the squad
  stays in a town. Thanks to it you can complete your squad. You  can  do  it 
  only in your town. In a table of recruits you can find their names,  energy 
  (En), strength (St), speed (Sp), magic energy (Mag). You  choose a  recruit 
  by pressing a square button at the right side of the table. Recruitment  of 
  one soldier costs 1000 pieces of gold.The amount of money to pay appears at 
  the bottom of the table. If you accept your  choice  you press (OK), if you 
  resign (Cancel).  You cannot  press  OK if you  don't have money  or if you 
  haven't chosen any recruit. You  have to  remember  that every  settlement 
  can put up new recruits once in 30 days.

CAMP - the warriors rest during camping. Their physical and magical energy is
  being renewed. After obeying an order  of  movement  or a ttack  the  squad
  automaticaly starts resting. When the squad is  camping at the territory of
  a town or village it does not use any food.

EQUIPMENT. At the right side of the window the  following information appear:
- the name of the warrior - you can change it by pressing LMB and writing
  down from the keyboard,
- race,
- experience - these points you  can  rearrange  to  different  features of a
  person by pressing LMB on  them. Improving a given  feature  by  one  point 
  costs definite number of points of experience (cost),
- energy actual/maximum - cost:1,
- strength - cost:3,
- speed - cost:3,
- resistance - cost:3,
- magic actual/maximum - cost:2,
- load- it shows weight of things carried by a person. When it shows  red  it
  means a person is overloaded and moves much slower.

Pointers < > are used to change a person.

On the left the windows are placed on a person. You can put  there the things
the person will use  (weapon,  helmet etc.  look to the  chapter   WEAPON AND 
OBJECTS). Eight windows in the middle  presents  the  content of  a knapsack. 
Four lower windows present the object  on the  ground. During  an  action  in 
the terrain different objects can appear  in those  windows  especially  when 
you stand close to a dead opponent.

How to move objects?:
- click LMB to the window where the object is,
- the indicator of a mouse changes into an object and  in the  central window
  it's name and weight will appear,
- move the object to the window in which you want to put it,
- click LMB once more,

How to move objects from one person to another ?:
- put a chosen object on the ground,
- choose another person using right-left pointers,
- move the object to a chosen place,
- during an action only persons standing  next to  each  other  can  exchange 
  objects in this way, 

ACTION - you are moved into a  tactical  part  of  the  game  which  has  been 
described in a separate chapter. This option is useful if you want  to  visit 
a town to buy something or talk to people.

EXIT - you give up giving orders and close  the  window.  The  squad  will be 
still obeying the orders given  earlier. These  orders will be  obeyed  after
pressing (Start) in a little window.

RECONNAISSANCE

     When a pointed squad  does  not  belong  to  you,  instead  of (Orders),
(Inquiry) button will appear. Pointers up-down are meant  to  arrive  at  the
price you want to pay a spy for information. The button (OK) accepts  spying,
the button (Cancel) cancels it. Trace - this  option  appears  when you  know
the squad (which is not yours)  but  you  want  to  find  out  about  all  its 
movements.

-----TOWNS AND VILLAGES------------------------------------------------

     They are scattered all  over the  place.  You  will conquer them, defend
them, talk and trade with their  inhabitants. The  towns are  marked  on  the
map as little towers and they have more than 500 inhabitants.  Concentrations
of little hoses symbolize settlements. Pressing  LMB on  a symbol  of a given
town you will get an  access  to the  information  window. There is  a  little
picture the town walls. There is also a name of the town. You  can  change it
by pressing  LMB on it.  When the  town is  known, which means it  belongs to 
you,  your  squad  stayed  there or  you've  had  information  about  it, the 
following data will appear:
- number of people living there
- tax - the amount of money to pay every day falling to 25 inhabitants
- morale of people - their attitude towards their ruler
- information about buildings in this town

This kind of  information is  essential if you  want to  attack a  town.  The 
number of  population  influences  the number of  defenders and  inhabitant's
morale  influences  morale of  the defenders.  If a  town belongs  to you you
should pay attention to  taxes. If  they are too  high they  lower the number
of people and  their morale. If the  rebel breaks out  in your  town and your
squad stays there, there will be a battle with the rebelians.
If you don't know the town you can get some  information  choosing  (inquiry)
button.  This  option  works  like  army  reconnaissance.  You  can  give  the 
following orders to your towns:

Taxes - you  can  fix  their size (0-25), they should be fixed separately for
     each town. With low taxes you can stimulate the rise  of  population  in
     small  settlements. This pays  out in the  long run. With high  taxes you
     can stop overpopulation which leads to fires and epidemies.
New Legion - you can  have  maximum  twenty  legions  under your rule.  Every
     settlement  can put  up  new  recruits  once in 30 days.  Usage  of  this
     option is in analogy to recruitment in orders for the squad.
Buildings - after choosing this option you will see a  town (you can  move it
     pressing  RMB).  At  the  bottom  of  the  window   there  are   buttons 
     symbolizing buildings. After pressing one  of  them  you  will  see  the
     name of a chosen building and its cost in a small window.
     
  Shop - here you have  every  day  products:  swords,  herbs,  shields, bows,
     arrows, axes (cost of building: 7000)
  Armoury - steel weapon: axes, swords, armours,  helmets,  hammers,  shields 
     (cost: 10000)
  Temple - here you can buy new scrolls with spells (cost: 8000)
  Huntsman's - mainly products made of leather and wood, shoes, spears, bows, 
     arrows, clubs, catapults and stones (cost: 8000)
  Alchemist - herbs and mixtures of all kinds (cost: 6000)
  Granary - food for the squads (cost: 4000)
     
     If you've decided to build something point a place on  the screen  using
     moving rectangle. You cannot put a new building on the  other  ones.  Be
     careful not to cover the doors in  other  building.  Pressing (Exit) you 
     go back to the main menu.

Build Walls - walls are very helpfull in the defence.  You  should  put  them
  in the border towns, which are subjects  to  attacks  of your  enemies.  You
  have some choices:
  palisade - cheap wall made of wooden logs, rather weak (cost: 4000)
  wall of stone - of medium resistance (cost: 7000)
  wall of granite - very strong (cost: 10000)
     
------RACES------------------------------------------------------------------
     
     While tramping the land you will  meet its  uncommon  inhabitants.  They
differ from each other with their physical build, intelligence and  abilities.
They have also different tasks during fight.

Humans - the race  which  developes  the most quickly. They  live  in  rather
     primitive communities consisting mainly of barbarian tribes.  They don't
     specially stand out, they don't have  weak  points, but  they are  quite
     intelligent.  During battles  people  are  very universal  and they  can
     fullfil different tasks. They wield the sword very well.
Orcs - anthropoidal race of  stronger  physical  build than  humans but  they
     are rather slow. They prefer living in big  bands which  has  a negative
     effect  on  their independence  and thinking.  Their  role in  fights is
     similar to  humans. They  should  be used  as  heavy  infantry to direct
     fight. Their main weapon are axes.
Elves - intelligent race valouing  freedom and beauty of  the  nature first of
     all. They live  far from  civilization. Those  short and  slim creatures
     are rather weak but very  quick and nimble. Elves are the  best  archers
     in the world and they can use  magic quite well. They can play two roles
     in a  battle:  being  good archers  they can fire  at  enemy  from a big
     distance and  thanks  to their  quickness they  can do  provocative  and
     reconnoitring tasks avoiding attacks.
Dwarves - they live mainly in mountain  regions.  Their  main  job  is mining 
     and  craft.  Dwarves,  similary to  elves, are short. However  they have
     solid postures  thanks to wich  they are much  stronger. They  wield the
     hammers very well  and they  are the most effective  as heavy  infantry.
     Because they are long-lived race they  acquire  knowledge rather slowly,
     but they are more intelligent than trolls.
Ogres - they are treated as anthropoidal only because they walk  on two legs.
     There are legends about  their uncommom strength  and  resistance. Ogres
     are distant relatives  of orcs, but the former are much bigger. They are
     very slow and  clumsy because  of  their big mass  and  their  favourite 
     weapon are heavy catapults which are carried by ogres whithout  problem.
     These features are very useful while storming  towns. They are also able
     to survive under the opponent's pressure for a long time.
Sorcerers - they live in  solitary temples  where most of  time they spend on
     studying old books  and  improving  magic formulas. Sorcerers  are  very
     wise and mentally strong and this especially enables them  to use magic.
     Unfortunately, they are not good warriors. In battles they  should stand
     aside and help their  squad with  sorcery or they shoul d attack enemies
     using magic.
Amazons - women-warriors living on steppes. They  are  perfectly  skilled  in
     art  of  war  and  hunting.  They wield  the spears.  Magic is not their
     strongest  point. Because  of their  quickness  they  can,  similary  to
     elves, do provocative and  reconnoitring tasks. They are  also  good  in
     direct fight. They are none too clever.
Paladins - saint  knights  fighting in the  name of  truth and  justice. Just
     like sorcerers they are  wise and  wield the  magic. They  are also well
     skilled  warriors. Their  traditional weapon  are  swords. In the battle
     they should stand  on  the second line  and bewitch  fighting  sides and
     if necessary support their friends in direct fight.
Trolls - relatives of orki, half-wild  creatures. They mainly  live in forest
     and hunt animals and  tramps.  They are uncommonly  quick  and nimble, a
     bit  weaker than  orks. They  are none  too  thinking, that's  why  they 
     prefer clubs - effective and easy to use weapon.
     
All the races mentioned  above  very often  live in  your  squad. That's  why 
you  should complete  them very carefully and  assign  proper  roles for each
warrior.
                              
--------PERSONS' CHARACTERISTICS--------------------------------------------    

Apart from belonging to different  races, characters in the  game  have  more
different features:

Energy - can be also described as physical build. It  determines  the  number
     of  wounds  a given  person  can get  before it dies. When energy equals
     zero a person dies.
Strength - very  important  during fight.  It determines  maximum  number  of
     wounds a person is able to inflict on an  opponent. Weapon  has  a great
     influence on strength.
Speed - influences  how quick a  person moves, frequency  of inflicting blows
     and bewitching.
Resistance - determines the opponent's strength a person is able to fight off.
     For instance, if resistance of an attacked person  equals ten,  and this
     person was attacked with strength  20 this person is likely  to get only 
     ten  wounds.  Proper  clothes   influence  resistance ( armour,  helmet, 
     shoes, shield). Clothes don't protect from witchcraft. 
Magic - more precisely, magic  energy. Bewitching causes  great mental effort
     every  time, and  this  lowers  magic energy  although  it is not wasted
     irrewocably. Magic energy is renewed while rest.
Experience - one can get it only in winning fight. It has great influence  on
     efficiency of inflicted and defeated blows. For instance, a person  with
     experience 50 and strength will 10 always inflict at least 5 wounds. The
     same is  with a person's  resistance.  Maximum  experience is 100 and it
     means 100% efficiency in fight. Experience points  one  gets one can use
     to improve  power, energy, speed, resistance  or magic. Different  races
     earn experience with  different speed, depending on  their intelligence.
     
---TACTICAL PART OF THE GAME--------------------------------------------

     This   part  is  started   very  often ( battles,  hunting,  actions ).
After a while you will see  a completely  different  picture  presenting  the
part of terrain where your squad stays a t the moment.  Just like on the main
map you can move the screen using RMB. The persons you see on the screen  are
your warriors.  They have  green points  above  their  heads  to  help you to
distinguish between them. One of the warriors is surrounded by a green circle.
You can give orders to this particular warrior this  characteristies  appears
at the bottom of the screen. You can choose another  warrior pressing  LMB on
his legs or keys F1-F10.

It is easy to operate this part of the game:
1. First you give orders to your warriors.
2. Then you start the action and observe their movements.
3. You stop the action in any moment and change the orders.

Information window - there are four coloured strips which stand for:

Red strip (first in the top) -  warrior's energy.  When the strip is empty in
     the middle it means that a person is injured (has not full energy)
Green strip (the second) - warrior's strength.
Blue strip (the third) -  speed. When it's empty - a  person  cannot move  in
     full speed (for example it is overloaded).
Yellow strip (the fourth) - magic energy - empty strip means loss of energy.

Also the warrior's name is written in the window and the things he is keeping
in his hands. When you press LMB on those objects their names will appear.

Orders for the whole squad:

Guard - all the warriors stand in on place and beat off possible attacks.
Attack - warriors attack the opponents standing close to them.
Retreat - everybody runs away to the edges of the screen. 
END - leaving to the main map. This option  won't work if there is  a  person 
     dangerous for the squad on the  screen. You have either  to defeat it or 
     run away, in  other words  put all  your warriors on the  margins of the 
     screen and only then choose the END.

Warrior's equipment - equipment's screen has been described in  the  previous
     chapter.                           
Movement (key M) - mouse indicator  changes into  hindisight  with which  you
     point a place the warrior is to go (pressing LMB). You have to know that
     your people are not very intelligent as for as passing obstacles is
     concerned.
Attack (key A) - you point to the legs of a person  you  want to  attack with
     hindsight. Your warrior will go into this direction and start the fight.
     As a target you may point somebody  from your squad or even  the one who
     attacks (if you want him to commit a suicide)
Shot (key S) - when the person holds in hands  a bow and arrows,  or a spear, 
     or catapult and stones, after pressing this  key you  point a target for 
     your  weapon. This key  is  also  used  to  bewitch. When  a person  has 
     sorcery in hands  and also has  enough magic  energy to throw  it, after 
     pressing the key yo u have to  point a  place or  a person (depending on 
     the kind of sorcery).                                       
Conversation (key T) - like in the attack  you point to the legs of a  person
     you want to talk to. When the action starts your  warrior will  approach
     the  pointed person  and start a  conversation. Asking  a question "What
     news ?"  you   will  often  find  out  something  intresting.  Sometimes
     additional   questions  appear  conserning a  given  story. The  answers
     contain crucial information. I advise you to write them down.
Go action (key  SPACE) - only  after  pressing  this  key the  action  really
     starts. Your warriors and other characters start doing the things you've
     told  them (they  move, shoot  etc.). Pressing LMB causes  stop  of  the
     action.
     
ENTERING THE BUILDINGS.

     If you want a person to enter a building you have to  choose  "movement"
and point to the doors as a target. Trading is very  simple. Goods  available
in the shop are  in  the  left  window, in the  right window - contents  of a
knapsack of a person. You trade by  exchanging  the  objects  between the two
windows. A salesman inforrms you about the prices.  Pointers up-down change a
buyer. Prices of  goods ar e different in  different towns. In a  granary you
reload the products pressing left-right pointers. One unit  of food is enough
for one day for every soldier. Each granary can contain maximum 200 units.

--------WAGING A BATTLE-----------------------------------------------------

     Battles happen very often in this game. At the beginning of every battle
your opponents are out of signt. They will show their positions depending  on
the terrain and distance. The arrangement of warriors before a battle depends
on a direction  of main  map or  particular  situation. For example,  if your
squad  attacked from south to north your  soldiers would  be put in the lower
(southern) part of the screen,  and the opponents in the upper part. During a
battle  you'd better  watch the opponent's  movements  very carefully. If you
want to know about form of one of them press  LMB and keep it for a moment on
his legs.  You won't get any information about those characters with whom you
haven't fought or  talked  before. And  here are some useful pieces of advice
which can help you to win:
1. Before you start a fight check if your characters are well equiped.
2. You have to remember that the action takes place in real time,  that's why
   you should watch  out your  people  in order  not to let them  bar the way 
   to one another while regroupments or shoot one another.
3. You always try to engage all your warriors in the fight.
4. Don't let anybody stand idly, unless he is badly injured.
5. Stop the action often to correct your orders and to check form of fighting
   men. 
6. Before the  enemy  approaches,  try to shoot at  it with  small arms (bow, 
   spear or sorcery).
7. Use local majority as often as possible to attack one opponent in groups. 
8. Avoid the opposite situations.
9. You schould have more resistant  characters  in the  first line.  like for
   example ogres in  heavy armours. They would bear  the  brunt of  the enemy 
   then. You, on the other hand, attack  first those opponents who have great
   strenght but weaker energy.
10. It's worth to search the defeated.
11. Remember about healing herbs, elixirs and sorceries.

--------WEAPON AND OBJECTS--------------------------------------------------

     There are too many objects in the game to describe every one of  them so
I concentrate only on their kinds.
Side-arms (swords,axes, hammers, spears,clubs) is used to direct fight and it
   may be put in one hand of a person. It  increases a person's  strength and
   resistance. A spear may be trown also.
Small -arms (bows, arrows,  catapults and stones). To use a  bow a person has
   to keep it in one hand and  arrows in  the  second hand.  The same is with
   a catapult.
Armours, helments, shields - they mainly increase one's resistance.
Herbs and mixtures have  different effectiveness. To consume  a given mixture
   one has to put it on a person's head.
Sorcery - have been described in Magic Book.
Jewellery -  their only value is their  high price a  tradesman would pay for
     them.
Food - all the food placed in a  knapsack disappears  increasing  the squad's
     supplies.
Fell - they can be worn instead of armours.
Shoes - improve a person's speed.

------------MAGIC BOOK------------------------------------------------------

     In this chapter you will find out about magic spells  and will  know how
to  use  them.  To bewitch,  a  person  has   to hold a scroll in his   hand. 
A spell is  written on  this scroll  (you can buy them in temples).  A person
has  to  have  proper magic  power. Every time a person  bewitches this power
becomes less (cost).  One  bewitches by  pressing a shot  button and  then we
choose a target (a person or a place). The bewitch  will work  after pressing
action-button (GO). Delay  depends on a  speed of a bewitching  person. Mag's
experience has an influence on effectiveness of spell.

Spells can be devided into two groups:
1.Negative spells (offensive) - most often  they  cause loss of  energy. They
  are written with red ink and enemies should be treated with them.
2.Positive spells - written in blue  ink and your warriors should  be treated
  with them, or a person who uses them.
  
Sorcery contents:

Magic  Missile - the  simplest  offensive  sorcery,  You indicate a direction 
  of  a magic missile and  when  it hits a  person it  can  inflict  about 20 
  wounds (cost: 5)
FireBall - two times as hard as missile (cost: 8)
Chaos Breath - similar  to  missile as  far as  it use  and  effectiveness is
  concerned.  But when  it flies  no alive creature can  stop  it. It  passes
   trough  its victims and continues its deadly flight (cost: 12)
Flames - you have to point to a  particular person if you want  this  sorcery 
  to  work. It  surrounds a  person  with  flames inflicting  on it  about 30
  wounds. It's useful if you want to weaken or even kill  dangerous  opponent
  (cost: 15)
Lighting - very strong spell  similar to flames in its use. Indicates  person
  is thunderstruck. (cost: 20)
Explosion - you point to a place of explosion  on the  screen. It will strike
  all  the people  who stand  within a radius  of a few meters.  The power of
  explosion depends on the distance from its center (cost: 25)
Mind Probe - thanks  to this  spell you  can find  out  about  an  opponent's
  features without fighting or talking to him. It is  enough to point to this
  person (cost: 3)
Intuition - it works in  analogy to  intuition but harms  all enemy warriors,
  it is enough to point to one of them (cost 15)
Curing - it cures an indicated person from several wounds. It is very usefull
  during battles (cost 5)
Healing - it curves an indicated person  from many wounds. It should  be used
  with badly injured warriors (cost 20)
Brightness - it brings to light the opponent's positions  in dark places. You 
  should point a person in your group which will be lighted (cost 40).
Slow down - it slows down given warrior's mowements (cost 10)
God's Wrath - the strongest of all the offensive sorcery. It cause a thunder-
  storm which torments all the enemy  warriors. It is enough to  point to one 
  of them (cost 50).
Conversion - the  second of  the powerful socery. You  point to a  person who
  will become one of your warriors after  this sorcery  works. There are some
  limits, although, the sorcery won't work if there are ten  warriors in your
  squad already. And it does't affect monsters (cost 60)
  

ADVICE

     How to get money? The game gives you  several possibilities  of becoming
rich. Apart from  getting  taxes  from conquered villages you  can hunt  wild
animals and sell fell. You can buy goods in one town and sell them in another
one for higer prices. Also some special missions are profitable.

-------TECHNICAL INFORMATIONS-----------------------

Hardware Requirements:
- 2 Mb of Chip Ram
- OS 2.0+
- mouse
Recommended:
- keyboard
- colour monitor
- processor 68020+
- hard disk


AUTHORS:
programming: Marcin Puchta
graphics: Andrzej Puchta
music: Marcin Puchta

                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              